Port MASTG-TEST-0041: Testing for Debugging Code and Verbose Error Logging (android) (by @guardsquare) (#3242)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-RESILIENCE/MASTG-TEST-0x41.md

---
platform: android

> title: Testing if StrictMode is enabled

Reviewer: When writing test titles, imagine that they already start with "Testing for/if", but don't add that to the title. With this suggestion, I'm trying to focus on the observable behavior (violation logs) rather than the internal configuration/presence/"enabled" in the code, which we could reserve for the static version of the test.

```suggestion
title: Logging of StrictMode Violations
```

id: MASTG-TEST-0X41
apis: [StrictMode]
type: [dynamic]
weakness: MASWE-0094
---

## Overview

> This test verifies if an app enables [StrictMode](../../../0x05i-Testing-Code-Quality-and-Build-Settings/#strictmode) in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test checks whether an app enables [`StrictMode`](../../../0x05i-Testing-Code-Quality-and-Build-Settings/#strictmode) in production. While useful for developers to log policy violations such as disk I/O or network operations in production apps, leaving `StrictMode` enabled can expose sensitive implementation details in the logs that could be exploited by attackers.
```

Author: Shouldn't the second part of the paragraph be better in the weakness? I thought once you are in the test, you should already have understood the problem?
